3.24 is not just about changes to code

It is a celebration of what we have achieved as community

 * We have had hackfests
 * We had our bug squash month and had many local groups participate.

We are preparing a big conference for this summer


Show a timeline of events
Inform the audience about the GNOME release cycle.

using speed to signify what is of importance and what is not.
fx
we want the low level practical new feature stuff to be pretty slow

but we want to accelerate when we enter the high level realm
all this work was done over 6 months. Each release is a collaboration between our teams of contributors in GNOME.
Thanks to them, you get to enjoy a rapidly evolving desktop.

but there is also duration in terms of story time. ie you go above those 6 months, but then you dive into a small episode and the fact that you do that makes it significant.

Applicable to advertisements often is Greima's six-role schema.
The targeted consumer is the subject and receiver.
The object is something contributory, fx a new lifestyle, how does the audience want to improve.
Advertisements often have emphasis on a 'change of state'. the consumer goes from being something to something else with help from this product.

for luxury items, the object itself however is not an improvement, a new lifestyle for the consumer alone, but the actual object is also partly the product.


When someone watches a video or reads a narrative, they bring their own background knowledge, and their own ideology into it.
We use this when we evaluate the material we are being subjected to.

When we see something, we also create an image of the "implied author" of the work. This includes the values and ideology it is perceived that the author holds.
 * What has the author written about
 * How the thing was written
Actual readers and audiences can disimilate very different "implied authors", based on their own ethnicity, nationality, class, culture, background.



The smallest unit in narrative is the function
The function is a unit which highlights something in a story, because it is going to be important later.
For example "The daughters of the rich man had a parrot". The reason to that this is mentioned is because this will be an important detail later in the narrative.
There are more than one kind of function ofc.
you could say a function is an utterance. a function can be one sentence or more sentences. the way a function is expressed is merely the "vehicle". a function can also be smaller than a sentence, it can be a part of some sentence for example. Most importantly the function is not binded to the exact expression, but to the meaning.

functions are then distributed into Classes of units
"a phone is picked up" is correlated to "the phone was laid down again"
"purchasing a gun" is correlated to "using the gun".

Some functions are important to move the narrative forward. those are called "nucleus". If you delete a nucleus from a narrative, you alter the story.
Other functions simply "delay", creates "areas of security", "rest" etc. these are called "catalysts". They reactive "semantic tension" of the discourse. If you delete a catalysts, you dont alter the story, but you DO alter the discourse.

Within classes of units you have indices. they are fx personality traits, which importance you won't understand until you correlate them together with character actions and background. indices are not directly related to something uttered, it can be fx that you correlate actions with personality traits that were never expressed. 

certain units can be "mixed units". To drink a whiskey in the airport is both a catalyst that indicates "waiting" and also an index giving an idea about the atmosphere at the airport.

A "clear-cut" (cardinal) function is a function that bears no meaning beyond it's immediate meaning. 

informatics 


"To put it in a different way, Art does not acknowledge
the existence of noise (in the informational sense of the word). It is
a pure system: there are no wasted units, and there can never be any,
however long, loose, or tenuous the threads which link them to one of
the levels of the story."


"The procedure of playing can be analyzed in the same manner as a sen- tence."


Functional Syntax



